# Technical-Communication-
This is what I currently envision I could be doing in the coming years, specifically, in the fields of computer science. Honestly, I've only taken (not including this semester) 2 computer science subject related courses, thus some of this might be inaccurate or naive.
I am interested in the fields of human-computer interaction, machine learning and by extension artificial intelligence, and computer graphics.

Human-computer interaction is interesting due to how prevalent it has become in recent years. Nearly everyone in a more developed country possesses some form of computer be it a smart phone or otherwise. Thus, the applications of human-computer interaction grow more apparent. I envision possibly working with smartphones to create an application which utilizes the unique aspects of a smartphone, such as its mobility, rear-facing and front-facing camera, GPS capability, and audio recording capability among other things. Additionally, as computers become more integrated in daily life, the need for human-computer interaction becomes more necessary, especially as more devices have turned to utilizing touch technology.

Artificial intelligence and its subset machine learning are other fields I might focus on. Like human-computer interaction, AI and machine learning has become more prevalent, especially with recent trends in virtual assistants like Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, Google's Google Assistant, or Microsoft's Cortana. Consequently, the technological applications for a focus on AI and machine learning grow as virtual assistants proliferate. With the increase in virtual assistants in homes, it is likely that many houses may choose to integrate them in its infrastructure (smart homes, for instance). Most smart phones have also integrated a virtual assistant. In other applications, AI and machine learning could provide increased automation of work, such as the resume screening process.

Computer graphics is another branch of computer science I'm interested in due to the fact that its results are often visually apparent. Its applications are found in a variety of mediums. Many animated films utilize computer graphics to present a story. Likewise, most videogames today primarily use computer graphics. Thus, considering my interest in these mediums, I can envision myself having a focus on computer graphics. Outside of such mediums computer graphics could be used to create simulations or representations of reality. Computer graphics can also be utilized in various other fields of study, such as in medicine or architecture. Additionally, modern computers apply computer graphics constantly through their GUIs. 

Like most things, a field of computer science isn't solely utilized by itself. They are often used in tandem, such as how computer graphics are used to create a GUI, which in turn is utilized in human-computer interaction. Artificial intelligence and machine learning are utilized in human-computer interaction through virtual assistants interacting with people. Therefore, while I may choose to focus on one of these fields, it is likely that I will utilize several of them to do things.
